update docs (#299)
giantswarm/docs: src/content/basics/aws-architecture/index.md

![Control Plane Architecture](/img/architecture-aws-control-plane.png)

> The above diagram shows our PoC setup and runs over three availability zones. We setup two Bastion hosts, one in each Availability Zone. All EC2 machines are in a private subnet and only accessible through the Bastion hosts. Bastions hosts are avaiable via AWS VPN Connection only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above diagram shows our control plane setup running over three availability zones. We setup two bastion hosts, one in each availability zone. All instances are in a private subnet and only accessible through the bastion hosts. Bastions hosts are available via AWS VPN connection only.
```

> The above diagram shows our control plane setup running over three availability zones. We setup two bastion hosts, one in each availability zone. All instances are in a private subnet and only accessible through the bastion hosts. Bastions hosts are available via AWS VPN connection only.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The above diagram shows our control plane setup running over three availability zones. We setup two bastion hosts in different availability zones. All instances are in a private subnet and only accessible through the bastion hosts. Bastions hosts are available via AWS VPN connection only.
```

I think this is clearer because there are 3 AZs but only 2 bastions.
